OCC tangent makes sense what you wrote



Tripo rendering challenge is TRC thanks.



1- yes i like a father section that works

this way i can also show him what is written if needed. and its not mentioning him- i would keep the father section clear of that. but i do want i guess a normal close section and a father section- both super similar but i just gotta mainly have the part where i need help how to bring up hiring my brother for IT help and some development bassed off his degree -> plus cybercecurities. 

dad already brought all that up on this trip already, how hes worried for him and wants to help- but is unable to right now and does not know what to do as a father to help him get out of the toxic home hes trapped in.



2- i understand the structure exstensively. so basically we just need something written there that would breifly explain the planned structure of the company and a bit how funding helps make it happen. but it does not need to be detailed- as detail would come if they start asking questions. ill let you mor edecide though, id rather have it over detailed and leave something out rather than get a question i dont know how to answer. kind of a balance between those



3- perfect



4- no need to label. i like just explaining it- its to big an idea to overgeneralize into some word lingo. i like your reccomendation

i would say 'through the exstensive deep research we have done as of today...' cause we have researched, just not an exact targeted research on the specific topic of replacing departments- but we have done the research on the tools were using to replace departments and there is nothing else out there that gets done what we are doing.

so its true, with a small caviat that we can research better but have not done any verrifying market research passes for marketing.





re the closer calls. im adding quite a few here. all i was in on.

please remmeber they are just refrence, i dont want them to bleed over all the other work ive done to modify that companies sales tech into this pitch. our pitch is waaay over what these reference. honestly its just minor reference for familiarity so that i already kind of have the structure in my mind and dont have to invent 100% new.

but it also works to build their 700-1mill a month in sales company. so its worth noting for sure.



so how id like the pitch to work is all 4 of these targets all need to happen. so the toatal of all of them is the money i need (about 250k canadian) -> grant fills the funding for terminal games. but im building something bigger than just that game, so  i need my own funding.



so id want to say we need 1. a 